Souta?
You don't understand anything.
Saya.
Saya!
Sleep on the bed.
Answer me, at least.
Hey.
On your way home,
buy me a shochu highball.
How do you like it?
Feels nice, doesn't it?
Yeah.
Saya.
Hey, wait a minute.
Souta, you can do it!
You're going too fast.
How am I supposed to keep up?
You used to run track.
Sorry, sorry.
I can't do it.
It's okay.
It'll feel better before long. Here.
Here!
Come on, Souta, you can do it!
You're still here?
I told you to break up with him, didn't I?
Do you understand where you stand?
- Infidelity is just disgusting.
- Ran!
- You won't get any of our money.
- Ran, stop it.
Haruto isn't connected
to Father's company anymore.
He's not coming home.
He's just a goldfish seller.
- You still want to be with him?
- I said stop.
But…
Don't come here anymore.
Because I'm a Kazama?
In that case, I'll leave home, too.
Let me live here.
- You know we can't do that.
- Why not?
Because you're living
with a married woman?
Ran.
Don't give me trouble. Please.
I'm sorry.
Well, don't pay any mind to what she said.
Just forget it.
Can you believe that the new location
won't be open on time?
Not surprising with Nene.
Yeah, if only Sakura was here.
What's wrong? Is there a problem?
No, nothing.
Okay…
Sorry! I didn't notice you there.
HIRAGA TOKYO
I'm sorry.
They have over 100 different kinds.
Really? Wow.
It has such a pronounced scent,
I just love it.
I can't wait to check it out.
Hello.
- Hello…
- Ms. Sanada.
We're going to go out for tea.
Would you like to join us?
I have some things to do.
What's with that? How unpleasant!
Ms. Sanada is on the third floor, right?
Wouldn't the stairs be faster?
You're right! The elevator is so slow.
- Hello?
- Mr. Sanada?
This is Sakaki.
Yes, hello.
I have something to ask you
about the marathon camp.
What is it?
My husband says he wants to come too.
Is something wrong?
Nothing.
Can we participate as a couple?
You and your husband?
Of course, it's no problem. By all means.
Thank you. Well then, see you.
Wait--
They were definitely having sex.
Husband and wife together, huh?
The marathon camp?
Yeah, tomorrow.
Our marathon club decided to do a camp.
I said I'd bring you along.
What?
It's that course along the lake.
They say it's beautiful.
- And we'll BBQ for dinner--
- Why?
Huh?
I never said I would go.
I'm not going.
Saya, you've locked yourself in here
all this time.
You need some fresh air.
You like running.
You'd enjoy it.
It'll make you feel better.
Right?
I'd like to see you run again.
It doesn't matter if I run.
You don't understand anything.
Saya!
Stop this!
Why are you like this?
What are you dissatisfied with?
I've worked so hard for you!
I bought this condo for you!
I help you with housework
when it becomes too much.
So, why are you like this now?
I don't get it!
If I've changed…
I've changed…
and so have you.
Saya.
Isn't this great?
I wanted to show this to you,
this world-class view.
Right?
- Yeah.
- Wow, it's too much.
The ceiling is so high!
It'll be tough to fill it with furniture.
We'll need a bigger TV.
What, quit my job?
Yeah. It's tough
for you to work, isn't it?
You're working, then coming home
to cook and do housework.
So you can just quit and be a homemaker.
No, but--
We've bought this condo,
so I'll work and make plenty of money.
Leave it to me.
Souta, it's just, I--
Sorry, I have a meeting
first thing in the morning.
I'll get going.
I'll be coming home late again tonight.
I'm off.
Souta.
What's wrong?
Sorry, I'm not feeling well.
Okay.
Then you should just head back.
I can run on my own.
What?
All right? Take care.
I can't stand it!
What's wrong?
I can't go home.
Shouldn't you make up with your sister?
It's fine.
She's not the type to take it too hard.
Sakura.
Would you like
to shop for supplies tomorrow?
- What?
- There's a workshop in Kamakura.
On the way back, let's go to the beach.
Okay.
Great. Then it's decided.
Make yourself at home.
Don't worry about it.
This is a great help.
I don't know anybody around here.
What about the other wives in the condo?
I live on the third floor.
I see.
Get some rest.
Thank you so much.
Do you feel better?
Yes.
You're cute when you smile.
My wife is cheating on me.
I'm lonely too.
It's hard when you can't connect
with the person closest to you.
Come over again, anytime.
Mr. Sanada.
Yes?
I'm so sorry about
the phone call yesterday.
No, don't…
You noticed, didn't you, my voice?
No…
The thing is, my husband was suspicious.
Of what?
He thought I might be
having an affair with you.
So he wanted me to call you
in front of him.
And he made me do all of that… Oh, gosh.
Did it clear up the misunderstanding?
Yes, that's why I brought him.
Let's see.
Hello, dear.
I told you,
remember to pull your arms back.
Wait a sec.
- Just how big is this lake?
- Seventeen kilometers.
Are you kidding me?
It's okay.
You can rest along the way,
and we'll take it nice and slow, okay?
- Yeah, nice and slow.
- Okay, so your arms…
Does anyone not have a drink? All good?
Okay, everyone, nice run today! Cheers!
Cheers! Good run!
Good run!
Okay, the meat is ready.
OUTGOING CALL HISTORY
SAYA CELL
INCOMING CALL HISTORY
Mr. Sanada!
My husband, he's having some trouble.
What?
SOUTA
CALLING…
Here it is.
There are so many.
They're so cute.
Was that goldfish made here?
Yes. We've been relying on them
since my granddad's day.
For the fishbowls, too?
I don't make
those cramped and stuffy things.
Stuffy?
Yeah, for the goldfish.
Right.
That's why Haru jumped
out of his fishbowl.
No need for that. It's old news.
Nah, I was glad you did.
That you got that shop going again.
This feels wonderful!
This is my secret spot.
You come here often?
No. I came here once when I was kid.
With your parents?
Would you tell me about it?
I want to know more about you.
I came here with my mother and father.
It was when
my granddad still ran the shop.
At the time, there happened to be
a fireworks display.
- Fireworks?
- Yes.
They happen nearby in the summer.
The view from here is amazing.
Boom! Across the sky and the sea.
Wow.
My father was a workaholic.
This is the only fun memory I have of him.
My father runs a company.
I was raised strictly
under expectations
to take over the business.
I tried my absolute best…
but in the end, I couldn't meet
my father's expectations.
I don't thrive on living competitively
and always striving for higher results.
I'd rather live in a quiet place
and spend my time
caring for other creatures.
That's more my pace.
My father was incredibly angry.
But, well, my sister is there.
She has the skills
and the disposition for it.
She's far more suited
to take over than I was.
Well, that's about all I can tell you.
It's not very interesting, is it?
That's not true.
Thank you…
for telling me.
I'm sorry for all the commotion.
Not at all.
My husband is an alcoholic.
And he doesn't seem to fit in well
within his new department.
He drinks to escape.
Alcohol, huh?
I thought if he ran,
he might feel a little better.
I didn't think this would happen.
I did him wrong.
He seemed to be enjoying it.
Pardon?
Your husband,
he seemed to enjoy running with you.
It's encouraging to have someone
to run alongside you.
Run alongside?
I started to run
because my wife invited me.
At first, I couldn't
keep up with her at all.
It was hard and frustrating.
But before I knew it, I was sucked in.
Enough to start my own running club.
Where's your wife?
She doesn't seem to want to run anymore.
Even though she used to love it so much.
I have no idea what she's thinking.
Why don't you run alongside her?
What?
Maybe it's your turn to run alongside
your wife and encourage her.
At your wife's pace.
Maybe then, you'll see the scenery
that you've been missing.
What are you dissatisfied with?
I've worked so hard for you!
I bought this condo for you!
It's hard when you can't connect
with the person closest to you.
Aren't you getting on?
There really is such a thing as feng shui.
Pardon?
Since we came here, nothing's gone right.
But you can change your luck.
That's what feng shui is for.
The worst thing to do is to stop running
and just stand still.
You need to bring in new wind.
You should try running.
It doesn't matter where.
MISSED CALL
Why don't you…
run alongside her?
So, why are you like this now?
I've changed and so have you.
Maybe then, you'll see the scenery
you've been missing.
Why don't you answer it?
SOUTA
Hello.
Saya.
What?
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
For what?
What are you sorry for?
Don't apologize if you don't know why.
Souta?
Are you running?
Yeah.
I'm coming home.
I'll arrive in the early morning.
Let's talk.
Huh? You plan on running
all the way to Tokyo?
I needed to clear my head.
It's really not so far away.
It's the same course
as the ultra-marathon.
I can't believe it. Are you stupid?
I was stupid.
I was just so stupid.
Saya.
I think I was going a little too fast.
I'm sorry.
Let's run together.
You are…
Damn it.
Souta?
Just leave him be.
I'm sorry.
I think I was going a little too fast.
Saya.
I…
Honestly…
I don't need to live in a tower condo.
Yeah.
And money…
I don't need a lot of it.
Okay.
I… I just…
I just wanted to be with you more.
Even the marathon,
I wanted…
I wanted to run it with you.
And so…
it was hard to say anything.
Because you said it was all for me.
So I didn't say anything.
But I should have said something.
I should've spoken up.
So…
I'm…
sorry, too.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
I'm sorry too.
Here you are.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
I had fun today at the beach.
Yeah.
We should go again in the summer,
to see the fireworks.
Yes, let's go.
It's a promise.
KAZAMA
My father will be down shortly.
My apologies for the wait.
It is a pleasure to meet you.